minor fix in Spel docs (#3773)
TouK/nussknacker: docs/scenarios_authoring/Spel.md

are available and suggests and validates fields and their types.
For example, `#input.name` is valid, while `#input.noname` or `#input.name > 0` as field name or type do not match.

> On the other hand, `map` describes "generic" structure - Nussknacker tacitly assumes it can contain **any** field, but only of certain type (if it's `Unknown` it might be any type).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand, `map` describes "generic" structure - Nussknacker tacitly assumes it can contain **any** field, but only of certain type (e.g. we can have a "map of Strings", "map of Integers" etc. If this type is `Unknown` the values might be of any type).
```
